there's no defending it intellectually
there's only one way to explain it and
that is a parents love if Joe Biden did
profit illegally he did not pardon
himself he's still on the hook the
Democrat party has been lying to the
American public not for 4 years but for
50 years maybe a 100 years now I'm
starting to wonder was that his cocaine
in the White House this is me playing
the world's smallest violin for their
fake hypocritical outrage the reason I'm
so pissed off it helps Trump when he
pardons the January 6 riers it will be
just that much more acceptable to them I
don't really care about this pardon what
I care about is the level of deception
the high moral ground which was already
extremely Rocky for Democrats you've
been effectively
neutered President Biden has pardoned
the turkey and handed a late
Thanksgiving gift to Donald Trump H
Biden was convicted in June of three
felony charges over the purchase of a
gun and nine tax evasion charges and a
separate case in September his father
the president repeatedly and
emphatically pledged not to
interfere I'm extremely proud of my son
Hunter he has overcome an addiction he
is he's one of the brightest most decent
men I know and I am satisfied that I'm
not going to do anything I said I said
i' abide by the jury decision and I will
do that and I will not pardon him but
now he has I'm a language used in a
lengthy statement released to justify
this screeching 180 degree turn is the
final n on the coffin of Biden's
credibility he called The prosecutions
Selective and unfair he said raw
politics and political opponents has led
to a miscarriage of justice and that the
only reason the convictions ever
happened is because of a political
campaign compare that to the words used
by Trump and his supporters about the
spirous story stormy Daniel's conviction
and Tred Spot the Difference this was
done by the Biden
Administration in order to wound or hurt
an opponent a political opponent and I
think it's just a
disgrace well he was right there's no
difference besides the trumpian
rhetorical flourish and when President
Trump starts issuing pardons for the
January 6 riers which he will blame on a
political campaign and a miscarriage of
Justice the Democrats will find they
have tumbled off the high moral ground
and landed flat on their hypocritical
faces
look I don't blame Joe Biden for looking
out for his troubled son whom he clearly
loves and respects i' have done the same
in fact I even suggested a month ago
that Donald Trump should consider
pardoning Hunter Biden as a unifying
gesture in these febal times that's
because I've been repeatedly assured
that President Biden is a man of his
word and his words are so often been
like this each of us is equal before the
law no one no one is above the law not
even the president of the United States
but now everybody is equal under the law
except the president of the United
States and his children when Trump is
never to be attacked for taking care of
his family supporters over the next few
months expect an aggressive and CT
two-word response Hunter Biden in just a
moment we'll debate over ladies with my
panel but first i'm joined by the former
Democratic Mega donor John Morgan John
thank you so much for for joining me um
first of all your reaction as a former
Democratic Mega donor to this bombshell
news overnight President Biden after
repeated and emphatic denials he would
do this has now pardoned his criminal
son
Hunter well I'm not surprised at all and
I'll tell you why if you look at Joe
Biden in
context years ago he lost a child and a
wife in a car accident he's then raising
these small children he raises two boys
one turns out to be an addict One turns
out to be the next great thing
the one who turned out to be the next
great thing Bo dies also and now you're
left with Hunter Joe bid has always had
a blind spot for his children I think
the way he looked at this was not as
president but as a parent and as a
parent I think what he said to himself
the only reason that my son was
prosecuted was because of me and I'm not
going to let that happen I'm 8 something
years
old I'm his father and my love for him
is so intense that I'm willing to do
what I'm going to do because he was
taking this for me and I'm going to take
it from him that's what I believe his
thought process
is Right which is completely
understandable in terms of a father
making that call for his son and I I
know the the Biden family story very
well I've spoken to Joe Biden about what
happened to his family and uh it was a
very moving powerful conversation I knew
Bo Biden very well he appeared a lot on
my old CNN show however and it's a
significant however he has repeatedly
publicly denied this year that he would
do anything to Pardon his son more
importantly he's put up his White House
Press Secretary Karen jpierre to
repeatedly say from the White House
Podium
this from
presidential perspective is there any
possibility that the president would end
up pardoning his son no well is there I
just said no I just answered the
president would not pardon or commute
sentence for his son Hunter I just want
to make sure that that is not going to
change over the next 6 months the
president's saying it's still it's still
a no it's still a no it will always be a
no it's still a no it will be a no it it
is a no and I don't have anything else
to add will he pardon his son no his son
Hunter is also um up for being sentenced
uh next month does the president uh have
any intention of pardoning him we've
been asked that question multiple times
our answer stands which is no President
Biden says that he's not going to Pardon
his son Hunter is he going to ask Donald
Trump to do that I don't have anything
else to share about that I'm not going
to get and go down a rabbit hole on this
I've been very clear the president's
been very clear when we've been asked
this question I mean they were very
clear both the president and his press
secretary but it turned out that nothing
they were saying was was correct uh
which prompts the question were they
deliberately lying knowing that he was
going to do this or has President Biden
just thrown his press secretary and I
assume all his top team under the bus
because they were all out there
defending him and saying he wouldn't do
this and now he's done
it well as you know Pierce politicians
are politicians all those statements
were said when he was still running for
reelection and now he's not how many
times have you and I heard politicians
say I'm going to only serve for eight
years I'm going to only serve for 12
years I'm going to term limit myself and
as soon as that time comes they go well
the people still want me I'm not
surprised by it the Optics are terrible
but when I bore it down I look at myself
I've got four children I got six
grandchildren I would take a bullet for
them them or me every day and at the end
of the day it gets down to that I'm an
old man with the troubled son I know the
heat I'm going to take he knows the heat
he's going to take for this this will be
with him
forever but for him his son look I would
I was at the White House dinner when the
prime minister of India was there he has
Hunter there Hunter's been front and
center this whole this whole time Joe
Biden never ran from him he ran to him
the love we have for our children I
believe is the love God wants us to
understand his love is like for us I
don't want to get too religious here but
that love that love for a child is so
damn powerful that I can understand what
he did well I you see look I like I say
on a human level I don't disagree with
you the problem is it seems to me is
that by making such a Shameless and
frankly very hypocritical U-turn and the
way that he's done albe it for exactly
the reasons I'm sure that you have said
although there is another part to this
I'll come to in a moment which is which
is I think complicating that that
picture um but at the same time Joe
Biden has now got a legacy hasn't he
which he's left his party where he
carried on too long he should have stood
down I think at the latest at the start
of the year and allowed a proper process
to choose an effective nominee but he
didn't he left it so late that he then
self- imploded in that debate with Trump
and as a consequence had to uh be pushed
aside which he was ruthlessly but then
carela Harris got this weird coronation
again out without any competition and I
think that was really a chain of events
which which cost the Democrats the
election um but now he's left a legacy
where it's almost impossible now for
Democrats to go after Trump for the next
four years as they would have been
licking their lips at doing on anything
to do with shamelessness or hypocrisy or
frankly downright lying or nepotism or
any of these things which Trump they
were already heating this up with his
nomination picks the ones involving
family and so on but how come the
Democrats do any of that when their
president who's still president now
until January the 20th that their
president has done such a Shameless
hypocritical act and lied so brazenly to
the American people about his intentions
over that act
what they will do is they will discard
him as fast as they can they will say it
was wrong he shouldn't have done it and
that will be that look the hypocritical
part about the Democratic party is they
were running on this
notion that democracy was at stake and
so what did they do they nominated
someone with no
democracy a person who never got one one
delegate when she ran for president a
person who could never be untied from
Biden Harris the coronation you talked
about that's the hypocrisy here this
hypocrisy will go away quickly Joe
Biden's calculus is this and believe me
he's very very concerned about his
legacy but when he measures his legacy
versus the pain that it would be for him
and his child he has said clearly
to hell with my legacy I love my child
more well he I think he's torched his
legacy if I'm honest um but but here's
the complication I alluded to which is
that the pardon includes any activity
starting on January the 1st
2014 that is when Hunter Biden joined
the board of barisma that year a
Ukrainian Energy company where he was
paid Millions it's believed up to 11
million in his tenure there despite
knowing absolutely nothing which
qualified him to be an expert in energy
while his father was the vice president
of the United States and deeply
personally involved at Barack Obama's uh
instigation in US policy towards ke and
the implication from this incredibly
wide ranging uh pardon is that there may
be other things that we don't know yet
which have been hinted at and rumored by
and so on involving what the Biden
family may have done in relation to
barisma which Joe Biden has now
effectively pardoned in advance Tim p on
X said whoa It's barisma that's the real
reason for the pardon the gun charge and
tax ship were to create plausible
deniability when he pardoned his son for
selling out the United States uh I mean
are you concerned I look I know you've
been close to the family you flew with
Frank Biden Joe Biden's brother to the
inauguration in 20 and in his plan 2021
um you know you've always called
yourself a Joe Biden Democrat before uh
and so
on are you worried when you read the
specific nature of this pardon that that
is really what this may be
about no
because because there's no defending it
intellectually especially when you
superimpose those words that you put up
before this this convers there is no
defending it
intellectually there's only one way to
explain it and that is a parents love if
your child robbed a bank would you turn
them in if you knew if your child did
something terrible would you turn them
in those are the kind of the Sophie type
choices that all of us you know one time
we were at a at a dinner and somebody if
your son murdered someone would you turn
them in I don't know Pierce would you
would you I don't know what I would do
if I'm going to be honest I would
probably not it's terrible to say but
but you see
love okay but I would say to that I I I
probably wouldn't if I'm honest with you
I think it's an interesting question a
moral question I can't imagine I would
turn any of my children in however I'm
not the vice president of United States
right when my son gets a job that was
obviously a crony appointment where
they've only appointed him to that
position not because he has anything of
any expertise to suit the role but
because they can pay a millions and
they're buying access to the vice
president of the United States and what
we don't know is whether Joe Biden
himself ever profited or benefited in
any way from that scenario with barisma
and his son Hunter and many people think
that he did and the nature of this
pardon again suggests that there is
something to hide there that we're not
being told else why make it so specific
to those
dates well if he did if Joe Biden did
profit illegally he did not pardon
himself he's still on the hook he is
still on the hook from his point of
view he didn't take this point of view
as a president obviously he took it as a
parent and he believes look the Trump
trial in Manhattan was a sham it was
about he didn't report the true value of
his buildings Deutsche Bank knows the
value of those buildings it was a shame
and it helped reelect him or elect him
again to the presidency those
persecutions not
prosecutions but Joe Biden's looking at
at this going you know what it's because
of me it's because of me
and I am going to tarnish my legacy
perhaps because my love is so great for
my son that it's worth it and it's not a
defense Pierce it's simply an
explanation get it Roger Stone's a
friend of yeah Roger Stone's a friend of
mine but he got he got pardoned yeah no
I Trump why because Trump Trump trump
believed that it was because of him that
got in trouble and he took care of Roger
I understand that I I the other thing I
wanted to ask you before I let you go
another son which is Baron Trump who's
18 is being widely credited and you said
yourself you thought he did a better job
than carela Harris in the in the race
and he could absolutely make a good
argument because he persuaded his dad in
his late 70s to go off and do all these
podcasts and YouTube shows and so on
which has clearly had a major impact on
driving young men in particular to to go
and vote Trump and and get him over the
line um it was interesting to me the
Democrats they just dropped the ball
when it came to this kind of New Media
stuff didn't
they well they're circled by these
progressives these progressives and the
progressives that were now running Joe
Biden's campaign it wasn't it wasn't it
hurt his campaign these progressives
decided that to go on Joe Rogan was a
mistake it was 50 million people worth
of mistakes Trump trump was 3 hours late
getting to a rally because it was worth
it to be on Joe Rogan Baron Trump is a
young boy young man he is in tune to
what's going on at that age group he
said dad go on not only Joe Rogan but as
many podcasts as you can and Trump
listened to him the Harris campaign was
a disaster for the beginning it was a
coronation not a nomination she was look
you're supposed to get 47% of the vote
no matter who you are she barely got
that and I said it I said it at the very
beginning and what I said piers at the
very beginning is Joe Biden was pissed
that he was pushed out and he pushed
someone that the establishment Obama
didn't want her he didn't endorse her
for 5 days Pelosi was going to have a
convention told the delegation she was
The Unwanted nominee but by God she got
it and she lost in a
spectacular F she didn't win anything
and here's the big when I I was at the
white house for dinner a week ago and
the former governors were coming up to
me the internal polling that the party
had showed them losing much worse than
the polling that they were telling their
donors about so as one former Governor
said to me they lied to us and why did
they lie to keep getting money in and by
the way the money that was coming in was
not for her it was against Trump
everybody that voted for her was Voting
against Trump everybody that voted for
Trump was voting for Trump and that's
why she got a beat down there are
reports she may run try and run again
what would you say to
that well if she I don't I mean look
she was spending money I mean she was
spending money like a drunken sailor on
payday it it was you know Oprah getting
production cost and and Al Sharpton
getting 500 grand for a sit down my God
Pierce can you imagine what Trump would
pay you for a sit down uh you know
putting her face on the sphere in Las
Vegas for $900,000
the the car the the camp pain workers
are staying in fstar Resorts and St
flying on private jets when Sam Walton
built his company he stayed two in a
room in a budget hotel that's how you
become the richest man in the world they
had a 100 Days with $2 billion and they
spent it all and are still in debt $20
million last week I got a
campaign request for money and I got to
say to them
it's effan
over
stop well unfortunately it's over
unfortunately John our interview is now
effing over but it's been highly
entertaining and very very informative
thank you very much indeed for joining
me thank you well Jord had to discuss
all this a businessman Grant cordoni who
spoke at Trump's Madison Square rally
spokeswoman for Turning Point action
Caitlyn Sinclair the host of social
contract with Joe Walsh and former
Republican Congressman Joe Walsh and wah
Ali from the democracy is podcast well
welcome to all of you uh wah I want to
play you again the Karen jeampier
statements on whether the president of
the United States was going to Pardon
his son because I think is crucial to
this whole debate let's have another
listen but from a presidential
perspective is there any possibility
that the president would end up
pardoning his son no is I just said no I
just answered J I mean I almost feel
sorry for you today a rare sentiment
when you come on unsensed because you
can normally give as good as you get but
honestly man what a bunch of Shameless
lying Hypocrites would you disagree with
that
assessment I think two reasons why
Donald uh excuse me Joe Biden turned on
his initial promise number one as your
guest mentioned uh Father's Love and
number two because Donald Trump is not a
normal president I think Joe Biden
thought he would win election he
probably thought K Harris would win if
another Republican would have run he
probably thought okay there wouldn't be
any vindictive prosecution but Donald
Trump in the final month of his election
campaign said that the rest of us who
are his critics are the enemy from
within on whom he would unleash the
police and the National Guard called why
are you talking about Donald Trump wait
wait listen H why you talking about
Trump I'm asking you about Biden and his
press
secretary hang on well let me make it
easier I'm going to play a little masch
up of the president himself lying
go ahead go ahead your son Hunter is on
trial and I know that you cannot speak
about an ongoing uh Federal
prosecution but let me ask you will you
accept the jury's outcome their verdict
no matter what it is yes and have you
ruled out a pardon for your son yes I'm
extremely proud of my son Hunter he has
overcome an addiction he is he's one of
the brightest most decent men I know and
I am satisfied IED that I'm not going to
do anything I said I said I abide by the
jury decision and I will do that and I
will not pardon
him I mean V he just lied he obviously
always intended to Pardon him and you've
been very you have rightly rightly been
very keen to remind everybody in every
appearance you've made on this show
about Trump's lack of veracity as you
see it and how damaging to democracy
that is President Biden literally lied
to the American people people throughout
the entire race he knew he was going to
Pardon his son so presumably try not to
mention Trump here just talk about Biden
presumably you are impossible you well
hang on it's not impossible you can
literally take you can take it in
isolation and just give an honest view
of what Biden has done here number one
shouldn't have lied he lied that's wrong
number two I think he wasn't going to
him if he thought he would win or if he
thought K Harris would win why do I
think he pardon him two reasons number
one I'm a father you're a father I think
your previous guest uh had it correct a
Father's Love For a son Hunter Biden who
suffered from addiction and had to
suffer four years of a vindictive Witch
Hunt where they couldn't find anything
on his laptop got him on a trumped up
gun possession charge even when that
came out Republicans hardcore magga
people were like that's weak very rarely
investigated very rarely indicted but
they got him on that and tax evasion
charges he tried to pay back the taxes
they still got him he realized due to
Trump's vindictiveness because Trump is
now president and cash Patel most likely
will be his FBI director cash Patel
promised just three weeks ago he will go
after Trump's enemies including the
media you should be worried Pierce and
also political Rivals Joe Biden as an
82-year-old man said Okay I want to
spare my son the trouble because Trump
is so vindictive and cruel and cash
Patel's ahead of the FBI let me pardon
him political pardons have been done by
Republicans and by democrats did did
Biden lie he did did he go back on his
word he did should he be criticized that
he he should be criticized for that but
this is why he did it and if I may say
this for my panelist and for all your
magga viewers this is me playing the
world's smallest violin for their fake
hypocritical outrage and to quote
Melania Trump I really don't care that
they're pissed off do you because Donald
Trump is a convicted criminal magga
doesn't care Donald Trump pardoned the
most isely like hub a villainy Roger
Stone Paul maniford Steve bennon his co-
consors co-conspirators M didn't care
literally he pardoned Charles Kushner
the father of Jared Kushner and just
gave him a job as the ambassador to
France talk about the swamp magga
doesn't care Trump inited of violent
Insurrection magga doesn't care Trump
literally committed criminal tax fraud
through Trump organization magga doesn't
care so I don't care about this it's a
victimless crime they went after Hunter
Biden he didn't use the gun to
participate in violent Insurrection if
he did he'd probably be part of the
Trump Camp banga of all people should
not care they voted for a criminal
problem would hat with that wonderfully
evocative Soliloquy if it was Donald it
was Donald Trump Jr we were talking
about you'd have said the complete
opposite uh let me bring in Grant
Cardone here I mean Grant I just found
it breathtaking to wake up to that news
this morning literally jaw-droppingly
breathtaking not because I was
particularly surprised that he did this
for his son but the fact that he allowed
himself and his press secretary at the
White House to so often lie to the
American people why would Joe Biden not
think that his legacy now is completely
torched because he's got away with it
he's gotten away with it his whole
career 50 years he's been lying to the
American public when he said he wouldn't
pardon his son the day he said that I
told my wife I'm like he will pardon His
Son 100% and anyone that believed that
is not naive and the fact that the
Democratic party believed uh Camala was
put in that uh uh Hunter Biden somehow
didn't do it or the barisma thing he's
not connected this is ridiculous the
Democrat party has been lying to the
American public not for four years but
for 50 years maybe a hundred years I was
a Democrat the first half of my lifetime
until I realized they're lying to the
middle class about saving the middle
class probably Hunter Biden still has a
drug problem because what we know now is
Joe Biden will lie about his son he'll
lie about his
intentions uh in this interview that you
played earlier he said my son is a
recovered addict now I'm starting to
wonder was that his cocaine in the White
House is he actually really recovered
look we know this he is a tax evader he
was carrying a gun illegally he's he is
a drug addict whether he's recovered or
not no one knows and the barisma thing
is why they settled that case remember
he plad guilt y to this so that it
wasn't actually taken to all the way
into court he plad guilty so there must
have been a deal Pierce as you know they
made a deal to cover up uh the number
one man Joe Biden his father yeah uh Joe
Walsh I was very interested to see your
reaction to this because you know you I
I think you've you know we we've talked
about a lot of these issues in this
campaign you felt very strongly about
Trump in many different ways and yet
here is Joe Biden just so brazen
behaving like all the worst traits that
Democrats would say Donald Trump behaves
shamelessness hypocrisy lying uh
nepotism all of it all in one bang how
how damaging is this how shocked are
you it Pierce not not shocked but
completely deflated and by the way I
agree with everything you said to really
open your show about about this issue
the reason I'm so pissed off about what
Joe Biden did is it's wrong it sets a
horrible precedent but it helps Trump
and for those of us like wajahat and me
who believe and have been saying for
years that Trump is a unique threat to
this country that Donald Trump is in
fact uniquely corrupt and Lawless and
dishonest we've been out there saying
that for years and what Biden did last
night
pulls the rug out from that and Pierce
to what you said the lying I believe
Donald Trump lies every time he opens
his mouth fine that's what I believe Joe
Biden repeatedly lied about this and
I've already heard from a bunch of trump
supporters in the last 12 hours who've
said c Joe they all lie C Joe you know
Trump's not the only one who thinks he's
Above the Law now Joe Biden thinks
Hunter Above the Law so it's helped
Trump that's why it's such a bad move
yeah and also Joe Trump has done what I
knew he would do which is immediately
talk about the January 6th riers who
many of whom obviously have been jailed
he says does the pardon given by Joda
Hunter include the j6 hostages as he
calls them who've now been in prison for
years such an abuse and miscarriage of
Justice uh you know I mean what we'll
come to you in a moment but Joe of
course he's going to say that and of
course people on the Republican side are
going to say well if that's going to
happen then you got to release these
other guys why wouldn't
they yeah yeah what what what it what it
did Pierce was it made all the bad stuff
that Trump's going to do that much more
acceptable to most Americans I'm not
talking about the far right they'll
follow Trump off the cliff I'm not
talking about the farle who liked the
fact that Biden pardoned his son I'm
talking about all the the Americans in
the middle uh who I've been trying to
convince that Trump's a unique threat
well when he pardons the January 6 riers
it will be just that much more
acceptable to them because of what Joe
Biden did last night yeah yeah I think
that's right um I mean Caitlin the other
part of this as I was saying earlier
with my other guest was this whole
specific timing of the pardon from
January the 1st 2014 which would then
cover the entire period that Hunter
worked at barisma for which he had
absolutely no expertise to to Warrant
the job he got there earning millions
and millions of dollars while his father
was effectively the envoy to Ukraine on
behalf of of Barack Obama the president
um it looks like on the face of it they
fear that there may be something that
comes out of all that stuff which may
also need to be covered by a wide
ranging pardon that we don't know about
yet yeah that's exactly it follow the
money and 2014 is the exact year that
Hunter Biden was weirdly named director
of that oil company bisma now I consider
myself uh our panel brought up the the
magga group of Americans out there and I
consider myself part of that group yet I
might got canceled for this but don't
really care about this pardon what I
care about is the level of deception
coming from the left so let's please not
pretend that Joe Biden pardoned his son
because of the love he has for his
family because of the love he has for
his nepo baby this is the same man that
won't acknowledge his own grandchild
Navy has still not acknowledged that she
exists uh and now we want to pretend
that he loves his family so much that's
why he pardoned his son the American
people and the group of Maga Americans
if we want to say care about the
deception they care that the the the
left has told us for the last four years
don't believe your lying ears don't
believe Your Lying Eyes Joe Biden told
the American people I as a Biden am
mentally fit and I promise you I will
not drop out of this race I have never
discussed business dealings with my son
Hunter I will not pardon my son Hunter
he has ignored his mental uh cognitive
decline and told us that he just had a
cold the lies the deception that's why
the Democrats Democrats lost the
hypocrisy and the deceptions what the
American people said we are sick of but
I guess not everyone uh not everyone on
this panel agrees with that or maybe
they didn't get the memo yeah I mean
with here's the problem right I don't
think necessarily that's why the
Democrats a lot of reasons right cost of
living illegal immigration all the woke
crap and so on I think they all played a
factor I think when Trump got shot
actually the way he responded probably
had a significant effect on how
Americans may have voted um but the
problem you've got now looking forward
is the high moral ground which was
already extremely Rocky for Democrats
has basically disintegrated it just has
you know what what Biden's done he
hasn't just torched his own legacy on
the way out which was already tottering
after him refusing to stand aside what
he should have done to give a Democrats
a better chance of winning but now now
what he said is the rule of law doesn't
apply to my family and when I said it
didn't it it applies to everyone
actually that was a lie when he said
repeatedly I'm never going to Pardon him
that was also a lie when he ordered his
press secretary to repeatedly in a very
kind of irritated manner by the end you
know respond to the Fox News guys Peter
Ducey almost in a dismissive arrogant
manner you know how dare you keep asking
me this stupid question we've already
told you people it's never going to
happen it's the it's the lengthy period
this went on the emphatic nature of the
denials no equivocation at all what is
removed is the next time you come on
onsens and I'd love having you on you're
going to start going on again about
Trump and lies and hypocrisy and
shamelessness and all the things your
greatest hits of of trump uh loathing
which is fine and I'm going to say to
you each time well yeah so like Joe
Biden and you can't say anything you'll
be muted you've been effectively
muttered the high moral ground has
crashed behind your behind your ears
with
J one thing I will never be is muted and
what I'll say is this uh I disagree with
Michelle Obama I always have when she
said when they go low we go high I say
when they go low take them out by the
knees in illegal knee bar which is a UFC
legal move h i for one am not uh Charlie
Brown right it's Lucy and Charlie Brown
for those have seen this peanut cartoon
Lucy sits there with the football and
Charlie Brown says to Lucy hey are you
going to lift the football and Lucy
Snickers says no and then what happens
she lifts up the football and Charlie
Bow Falls on his butt those are the
Democrats I'm not like that I don't
believe in this nonsense where Donald
Trump gets to incite a violent
Insurrection literally sleep with every
porn star cheat on all of his wives lie
commit tax fraud and his base doesn't
care and then the same Bas right now in
front of me has this outrage against Joe
Biden for pardoning his son an 82-year
old man who pardons his son H hang on
hang on hang on hang on hang on
four years went after him hang on apart
from the fact listen listen you said
some things about Trump there which is
just completely untrue we hasn't stuck
with every porn star you said he's s
with every porn star obviously not oh
sorry oh my bad not every he know how
much the TRU porn I know how much the
truth matters to you you're a basan of
veracity L So when you say with every
four star that's a lot of people you
know that was a misp I have no problem
correcting myself and I know you're
doing your best to put lipstick on a pig
right now with Donald
very admirable I don't need to your
admirable you sir I don't need to cuz
your own pig is covered in lipstick
listen Joe Biden go ahead throw him
under the bus I'm not a fan of Joe Biden
and like I said he lied but why did he
lie and I want to say this again because
they went after Hunter Biden for four
years they tried to find something
anything they couldn't like the left did
with Trump wait wait wait wait no a jury
of Donald Trump's peers can can I just
say this real quick a jury of Donald
Trump's peers not Joe Biden not the
agent a juror of his peers human beings
people Average Joe's in New York found
him guilty found him guilty for the hush
money Scandal Donald Trump
himself a trump to pathetic case should
never have gone to Cor in which a former
American president was dragged through a
criminal court over shuffling paperwork
over an alleged one night stand 18 years
ago which he by the way has continued to
deny the idea that that was good for
America or American democracy is for the
birds it was a total disgrace they ever
went I say one thing and only one thing
only one thing Donald Trump is the only
person only President either Republican
or Democrat to this day who refuses to
admit that he lost the 2020 election
he's the only president to incite a
violent Insurrection to this day he
refused to apologize it and he also
promised that he would pardon the
January 6 criminal violent
insurrectionists whom he calls Patriots
and hostages that is a direct threat if
you're perfectly fine with that
then please spare me all your fake
out Hunter Biden's it's fine to it's
fine to support you you guys are all
okay with that you guys are all okay
with it's fine to support people who
illegally possess guns and cheat on
their taxes yeah that's your kind of
criminal but no if if Hunter Biden was
to use that gun in a violent
Insurrection he'd be part of Trump's
cabinet cele he was in who knew what he
might do with it the guy was a drug
addict he probably would have been part
of a violent insurrection
way by the way we didn't know we didn't
know exactly what he may or may not have
done because the story in the New York
Post just before the 2020 election which
was going to expose the contents of the
infamous laptop was suppressed by
liberal controlled big Tech media and
the New York Post account was frozen off
Twitter as it was then for the entire
period up the election that could have
swung the election Trump's way if we it
you mean like Elon Musk and Mark Anders
scene and you mean like Mark Zuckerberg
who just dined with Donald Trump that
liberal tech oh yes oh how they bend the
knee I'm talking about the liberal Tech
in 2020 Joe let me bring you in um here
Joe go on look I just want every it's
important to say two things Joe Biden
made a mistake I've acknowledged that I
think the biggest mistake he's made is
this is political you and I agree Pierce
this is going to help Trump but two
points I'm sorry respect y to my two
Trump supporting folks on the panel
don't don't don't don't don't ever say
that Maga uh doesn't have a problem with
or has a problem with deception and
lying come on now um Joe Biden lied
repeatedly about this but we ain't never
seen a politician in America that lies
as much as Trump does and clearly his
supporters don't have a problem with
that let's not Pierce excuse Biden made
a mistake but Donald Trump regard what B
did last night Donald Trump going to
some scary scary stuff for years who
made a
mistake Joe Biden made a huge mistake in
pardoning his son it's not a mistake is
it not a mistake it is not a
mistake it's a want an act of lying
Shameless hypocrisy he stared down the
barrel of cameras for month mons
assuring the American people as they
were trying to decide who to vote for I
will never pardon my son because you
know why because nobody's Above the Law
and he wanted people to think about that
when they were going to cast their vote
and it turned out the only person who's
Above the Law is his family Pierce I
agree with every word you just said when
I say a mistake I mean politically it
was a big mistake because it will only
help Trump right okay bringing bring
back grant grant I mean it seems to me
just when Trump didn't think his
Thanksgiving could get any better having
just W the greatest comeback Victory
probably in political history having
survived two assassination attempts
having seen uh his Rivals just collapse
uh in the way that they did and now he
discovers that actually Joe Biden is
exposed as someone who's prepared to
brazenly lie to bail out his drug addict
un toting son I mean it's been an
amazing period to be Donald
Trump well look I mean John Morgan said
that he made a u-turn these two guys are
talking about he made a mistake he
didn't make a mistake he lied to the
American public this is what they have
been doing the entire time how he was
replaced was a lie Camala being a great
candidate a lie they're GNA win Iowa a
lie the only thing you guys can do is
bring Trump in to negate the
that Joe Biden and the Harris
Administration been lying to the
American public and this isn't new by
the way we have been lied to as a
Democratic party has been lying to the
people for 50 years in this country
we're going to help you we're going to
save you we're going to fix your
problems we're going to save Social
Security and Medicare and we're going to
save your minimum wage jobs none of that
has happened the economy is terrible for
the middle class it's shrinking and this
is why this election was won okay
because Donald Trump bring brings hope
of economic turnaround call him whatever
you want an imperfect candidate that won
in a landslide he slaughtered your side
your people couldn't even show up to
vote for a terrible candidate the worst
candidate that has ever run for
political office in my lifetime and
that's why y'all lost this thing yeah
and you lied to the American public and
the American public knows you're lying
now yeah uh kayit what advice do you
have for for Trump he's obviously got
this uh dramatically different kind of
cabinet lined up uh I spoke to he rang
me last week and we were talking about
it I said it's arguably one of the most
diverse cabinets that anyone has put
forward as a president I definitely got
the feeling from him that actually
having four years out of office has been
a good thing for Trump he's been able to
look back at his first term probably
never thought he might despite his
confidence that he may never get another
chance he's got that second chance he's
got a much bigger mandate than he had
first time he's got at least two years
uninterrupted to deliver what he wants
to deliver he's got super brains like
Elon Musk had decide to help him do it
which I think is a good thing um what do
you want to see him do because he's got
this like I say this very diverse bunch
of disruptors his argument being a lot
of them have been very successful in
their own fields and and they're very
loyal to him why should I go back to
establishment figures who are disloyal I
kind of agree with
him I absolutely agree and what I would
love for our president-elect to focus on
is the unity party is that unifying
message right and all of these uh
appointees are disruptors that's exactly
what they are and I say the bigger
meltdown we're seeing from folks in the
Deep State over some of these
appointments the better the pick
actually is uh you see the left freaking
out over some of these appointments like
an Elon Musk like a V ramaswami like uh
RFK Jr who promises to bring back and
restore Health to this nation uh Maha
was one of the movements I traveled
across the the country to bunch of
college campuses engaging with my
generation which is the Millennials and
the generation coming up behind me which
which are the genz and what really
brought especially those females on
board to Donald Trump's movement was the
Maha side of things was this what I
started with Pierce this this Unity uh
message this Unity party and that's
exactly what I think Donald Trump should
focus on it's really hard when we're
talking about uh Hunter Biden being
pardoned and the left continues to say
no one is above the law it's really hard
for the American people to sit back and
listen to that message when you're
talking about uh pardoning your own son
when you're talking about allowing
millions of illegals across this country
when you're talking about the these
illegals raping and murdering young
women it's really hard to sit back and
believe that message which I um one of
the more controversial picks on this
nominee list is Cash Patel many you are
arguing today well this is precisely why
Trump has put someone like him into the
justice system running the FBI because
of the abuse of that Justice system by
Joe Biden and the Democrats that's why
you need someone like
this yeah they say also silly things
that Mexico will pay for the wall and
that Haitians are eating pets they say a
lot of nut nutty things but when I think
of unity I think of cash Patel and Pete
hexi a secretary of defense pick uh
earlier today it was reported that Pete
hexi in 2015 drunkenly yelled kill all
Muslims in the bar and over the weekend
his mother sent an email which he
acknowledged uh tearfully acknowledged
she sent to her son calling him an
abuser of women and also this Pete hexi
who's a Fox News host a disruptor who
has no qualifications as a secretary of
defense uh his own uh uh Army teammate
uh National Guard mate uh called him out
because he looked at his tattoos and
said he might be an internal threat with
Kos Patel not qualified at all it's a
recurring Trend with Trump uh uh cabinet
members they have no expertise but they
have affirmative action because they're
loyal to Trump never been an FBI agent
will not get the uh loyalty of the f FBI
agents in the field but has promised
openly that he will use his position to
go after Trump's critics specifically
two critics political Rivals and the
media so peers you should be careful
that you be on Trump's good side for the
next four years kiss his butt bend the
knee because if Kos Patel is the head of
the FBI and you go against magga and
Trump Kos Patel had promised he will use
the FBI to go after Trump's critics this
is what happens in a dictatorship not in
the United States of America so if mag
is fine
let us know oddly when the Democrats
encouraged the justice department to
launch an unprecedented lawfare campaign
against Trump charging him with nearly a
hundred different things you were fully
behind that you love that weaponizing of
the justice
system did not encourage anyone here's
proof Biden had Meritt Garland who was
probably the most pathetic weak impotent
attorney general we've ever had Bill bar
admitted that he interfered on behalf of
Donald Trump and helped his friends like
Roger Stone Meritt Garland for four
years did nothing even as Donald Trump
inited a violent Insurrection I think
one of the worst things one of the two
worst things that will hurt Biden's
Legacy number one Gaza I think you and I
agree with that and number two The Pick
of Merrick Garland he was completely
hands off and by the way Donald Trump
not gonna spend a single day of his life
in jail even though he's a convicted
criminal he failed up in life meanwhile
Donald Trump has said I'm going to go
after my critics who are the enemy from
within he promised in the final three
weeks of the election I will unleash the
military and national guard against the
critics what president Republican or
Democrat has ever said I will use the
military and national guard against my
critics Donald Trump the people that
Mago worship a dictator who said he will
terminate the Constitution and be a
dictator for the day you know the OD
thing you know the odd thing loves that
the thing why do you love a dictator
well the OD thing is that um with Trump
I often find that what he actually does
doesn't live up to a lot of the shoot
from the hip rhetoric right but isn't
that scary well no not really once you
know him it's not that scary whereas
what's scar I don't know him what his
argu be scarier is someone like Joe
Biden who people trust they believe he's
saintly Joe people buy into it and then
he looks down the barrel of a camera and
says no one is above the law and I'm not
going to pardon my son and then it turns
out his son is the one who's Above the
Law you know I find that kind of where
people posture as these bastions of
superior virtue and veracity and they
turn out to be full of
here's after my wonderful Sol of
facts you respond with that which shows
me you're grasping at but they weren't
facts respect your intelligence you were
just spray normal hyperbole about Trump
and by the way the hyperbole about trump
it doesn't work anymore with J the
americ public we've heard all this and
we're just not going to not going to
Bure listen bring Jo
quickly and by the way Pierce I agree
with that the American public ignored
wajah had and I and they elected him
fair and square but please my friend
Pierce don't say that Trump's not scary
I'll again I'll just remind you I don't
think he's scary he's not scary well
then you don't think Pierce respectfully
then you don't think this is scary he's
the only president in American history
who lost an election and refused to
concede I think that's scary secondly
secondly he committed crimes trying to
overthrow an American election I think
that's hang that's hang on he's not
being convicted of any crimes about
overthrowing elction and he's not going
to Beed by the way he's not going to be
now I know that pierce I know that but
does it bother you that he tried to
overthrow an election yes or no I I tell
you what bothered me the scenes on
January the 6th were appalling as I said
at the time absolutely appalling exactly
how complicit Trump is in that we may
never actually find out now and that is
a shame I believe in transparency right
but the bottom line is the one case that
went to court before the election was a
pathetic Trump upload of nonsense about
a porn star and that demean America it
demeaned the justice system and honestly
to have the brass neck to start
lecturing us again about weaponizing the
justice system after what Biden's just
done is laughable gentlemen anyway I've
got to leave it there great panel thank
you all very much indeed uh we will see
there never going to be quiet now is it
that's the main thing uh but I
appreciate you joining me thank you all
very much